Add import.meta.resolve documentation (#1691)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/_index.md

{{< docs/shared source="k6" lookup="javascript-api/init-context.md" version="<K6_VERSION>" >}}

> ## Import.meta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## import.meta
```

Should this be lower-cased? 🤔 
And... can we import the table this from `javascript-api/import.meta/_index.md so we dedup?

`import.meta` is only available in ECMAScript modules, but not CommonJS ones.

| Function                                                                                           | Description                                               |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [import.meta.resolve](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/import.meta/resolve) | resolve path to URL the same way that an ESM import would |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [import.meta.resolve](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/import.meta/resolve) | Resolve the path to URL in the same way that an ESM import does. |
```
